John Reinhart: I'm glad you made it here, make sure that we're recording. Okay, this is a bio psychosocial assessment with Stephen Mitch Butler and going to go ahead and go through the questions. So hold on one second and close the door and get the train, making
John Reinhart: Yeah, shouldn't take us too long, Steve.
Shaynes phone: You the same person. I will do like
John Reinhart: He'll probably have a different therapist for you.
John Reinhart: So I don't know you. I just do bit basically bio so you know intakes bio psychosocial intakes
Shaynes phone: Okay.
John Reinhart: And they have another therapist. That'll work with you. So, okay, but we'll see. I might be doing one on ones down the road apiece.
John Reinhart: But okay, let me ask you first question, what brings you into treatment and why why now.
Shaynes phone: Well, I've been in treatment for a while though, although we're just getting this done and I was just ready to stop using street drugs.
Shaynes phone: And actually I had, I had a I was buying Suboxone off the streets.
Shaynes phone: And I was just ready to get my own legitimate prescription
John Reinhart: How long were you doing that for
Shaynes phone: I was probably like the last six months of all the last five months of my my my run. I was buying Suboxone off the streets.
John Reinhart: Just out of curiosity, what are you paying for it.
Shaynes phone: I would pay about 10 to $12 a pop
John Reinhart: Was pretty spend. Yeah.
Shaynes phone: Yeah, and up, and sometimes the most I spent as 15 on them.
John Reinhart: Yeah, I'm glad you got in the program.
John Reinhart: Okay, tell me your story with substances.
Shaynes phone: As in, like what substances are you
John Reinhart: Yeah, I think so. When were you first expose, how did it progress. Okay.
Shaynes phone: Um, I think I first started smoking weed.
Shaynes phone: Fresh out of high school. And along with that was prescription pills Narcos so much stuff like that.
Shaynes phone: Didn't really progress from that for a while.
Shaynes phone: Until
Shaynes phone: Age 22
Shaynes phone: Around 24 I have first smoke mess and
Shaynes phone: That was the worst mistake my life.
John Reinhart: Mm hmm.
Shaynes phone: From that it progressed to heroin and
Shaynes phone: right from the get when I first started doing heroin. I first I used IV. So that's pretty bad. So right from the gate was that I was no
Shaynes phone: I was off the best are
John Reinhart: Mm hmm.
John Reinhart: That's, that's, yeah, that's kind of a gateway. You know how they legalized marijuana and stuff. I have my own opinion on it.
John Reinhart: Yeah, and I guess for medical reasons, you know, is for certain people it might be good for certain things, but
John Reinhart: You know, to me, it's kind of like a gateway drug. It just kind of leads up to, you know, for some addictive personalities for people, you know, and I want to keep on getting higher type of thing, you know. But that's just me.
John Reinhart: Okay, let's see, when was it worse for you.
Shaynes phone: Worse. Yeah.
Shaynes phone: Honestly, you know, I'm sober. Now, I would say right now because I'm dealing with all my repercussions all my legal repercussions.
John Reinhart: Yeah, well it's it's but i think i think the main thing is it's kind of, we're looking at for the drugs. I know it's hard now.
John Reinhart: Because you got to deal with the circuit, the consequences or whatever, you know,
Shaynes phone: But
John Reinhart: I mean as far as like
John Reinhart: Getting
John Reinhart: strung out or addicted and stuff. When was the worst when you're getting sick and things like that.
Shaynes phone: I'm sorry, I just say that again. I just added to my other here but
John Reinhart: I think I'm. My name is phrase the question is, like, when will was the the drug like the worst for you as far as cravings and addiction and stuff like that.
Shaynes phone: I would say is about a year ago, I think I was living at the creek in a tent selling heroin shooting heroin everyday smoking mass shooting math and I think it had been
Shaynes phone: Had been at least six months since I hadn't done
Shaynes phone: At least one shot a day of heroin and I got arrested right after I just picked up a bunch of drugs and
Shaynes phone: That that was the word. That was the worst.
John Reinhart: Wow. But, you know,
John Reinhart: It's funny, it's like, well, it's not funny but i mean it's it's amazing how circumstances and stuff like that. You might. The next day, you might have been dead with the opioid overdose out there and that
Shaynes phone: Christina thing. And I was, I was flirting with, I swear.
Shaynes phone: Every night I would
Shaynes phone: It's terrible. Save our policy for the needle in my arm or, you know, if I didn't want my friends there with me. A lot of times I probably would have been dead.
Yeah.
John Reinhart: You know, I just, you just get all that fog and all you're doing is chasing the drug and stuff like that and it's
John Reinhart: It's tough. Go. That's that consumes you totally hmm
Shaynes phone: And at the time I thought, you know, is cool. I don't give a shit. I'm living at the Greek I'm making money and
John Reinhart: You're keeping out, man.
John Reinhart: Right, you're camping out. Yeah, it just tweaks your mind gets tweaked
John Reinhart: Okay, let's see, chronic pain. Do you, do you have any chronic pain. I know you got your meniscus situation.
Shaynes phone: Yeah, other than my knee, no.
John Reinhart: Okay, cool. I mean,
Shaynes phone: From work. You know, I use my hands with a nail gun all day long. So at night. I'm like oriented with my hands going numb it sucks, like, wait, I wake up so uncomfortable have to sit up and shake my hands out get blood to them because I'm using my hands all day long and yoga, but
Shaynes phone: You're not. You're a carpenter than a well
Shaynes phone: I build sheds I build floors for sheds. Like, she said.
John Reinhart: Yeah, yeah. Wow.
John Reinhart: That's something you might want to, I don't know if they have any
John Reinhart: Heavy Duty gloves. I would protect you for that impact on those nail guns.
Shaynes phone: Honestly, I think it's just going to take time.
John Reinhart: Yeah, yeah. I hate to see that advanced in the carpal tunnel on year, something like that. But you know you gotta do what you gotta do.
Right, you know. Yeah.
John Reinhart: Okay, well let's at least you know that's that's good.
John Reinhart: That it you don't have a major, you know, a physical problem. Okay, growing up. What was your family life like
Shaynes phone: My family was good.
Shaynes phone: My mom and dad are together older brother, younger brother.
Shaynes phone: As I got older, I realized my mom.
Shaynes phone: My mom used to mess. She is drugs, but
Shaynes phone: I when I was younger. Before I knew better if they hold it together and it was was good stable.
John Reinhart: Yeah well that's good, man.
Shaynes phone: We should add
John Reinhart: Now is that she she addressed.
Shaynes phone: Know my mom's been like a reef research monkey.
Shaynes phone: Yeah, I got to stay away from there. But my dad's a solid dude he works his ass off. He's always worked his ass off owns his own business, he's doing, he's doing well for himself and
Shaynes phone: You know, it just sucks that she's got to be this, you know,
Shaynes phone: This one. Wait, wait, I'm down.
John Reinhart: Yeah, that's that's rough. Hopefully they could work that she can work that out, they could get something done but you know you're taking care of yourself. That's the most important thing right now.
John Reinhart: Okay, you said you had siblings, you had a brother and sister.
Shaynes phone: No two brothers older or younger.
John Reinhart: older and younger brother. Okay, cool.
John Reinhart: What were your parents were your parents together.
Shaynes phone: Yeah, they've always been together.
John Reinhart: Always been okay cool.
John Reinhart: Did anyone in your okay this is a question, did anyone in your home life struggle.
John Reinhart: With mental health, substance abuse or food issues.
Shaynes phone: Yeah.
Your mom.
Shaynes phone: Mom like growing up.
Shaynes phone: Yeah, other than my mom. Now, I mean,
Shaynes phone: Yeah, my mom. How's ur issues, but as she never been diagnosed or anything like that. She refuses to be go to a doctor other, other than her.
Shaynes phone: We're all tight.
John Reinhart: Yeah yeah that's good to have that good support and hopefully she'll find a time to reach out, but you know you don't force anything on anybody. You know what I mean. Yeah.
John Reinhart: Okay.
John Reinhart: Did you notice any other addictive type of behaviors.
John Reinhart: In the family.
Shaynes phone: No.
John Reinhart: Guests such as gambling working a lot or awareness of sexual material.
Shaynes phone: I mean, yeah, my dad's a workaholic, but
Shaynes phone: He's old school. You know that's issue he is. He's always work and my mom. My mom was a gambler. Yeah, so
John Reinhart: No. Wow.
John Reinhart: Yeah yeah
Shaynes phone: That's tangible
Example,
John Reinhart: Okay. We're more than halfway there.
John Reinhart: What was school like for you.
Shaynes phone: School was good. I always said good school I graduated high school I attended some college but I put a hole on college to go work and I've been working ever since.
John Reinhart: Now it's never too late to go back to school, man. I went back to school after well I got out of the service. And then I went to college and then started working. And then I started in this this career as a counselor like went back to school when I was in my 50s, so you
John Reinhart: Know you find out your passion. What you want to do, then you go back
John Reinhart: Do you struggle with any learning disabilities.
Shaynes phone: No, I don't. So
John Reinhart: Were there any events that stood out for you growing up either in your neighborhood family or friends.
Shaynes phone: And events.
John Reinhart: Yeah, kind of like a traumatic type of thing that happened.
Shaynes phone: Or yeah, I mean, there was a few
Shaynes phone: One wasn't my brother by consider him my brother, my older brother's best friend lived with us when they were in high school I was in middle school and he was in a car accident and he
Shaynes phone: He, he just suffered a seatbelt bruises. We went to end low hospital and they released him back to us and he was home at my house and he ended up dying in the bathroom from his appendix rupture.
Shaynes phone: Hospital released and with his updates, you know,
John Reinhart: ruptured bursting with a ruptured appendix.
Shaynes phone: Yeah, and in a diner bathroom. So that was tested out
John Reinhart: Well, that's
John Reinhart: That's, that is, I've never heard of something like that before.
Shaynes phone: Yeah, well,
John Reinhart: From a seatbelt injury.
John Reinhart: Yeah, no, you just wow that is sorry to hear that. That would really be
John Reinhart: Go in there. And what were you good kind of looking for him and say, hey, we're. Where are you eating, I
Shaynes phone: Was honestly that's exactly what happened.
John Reinhart: Wow yeah need
John Reinhart: Brutal
Okay.
John Reinhart: Did you ever serve in the military, Mitch.
Shaynes phone: Now, I did not.
Okay.
John Reinhart: Uh, do you have any financial or legal issues you're concerned about right now.
Shaynes phone: Legal issues. Yes, I'm on Prop 36 and I'm under the thumb right now and I mean I'm not concerned with it but i mean i'm i'm
Shaynes phone: You know, under I do what they told me to do so.
Shaynes phone: kind of sucks but
John Reinhart: Yeah, well it's, you know, you've just kind of got to deal with it and and kind of go with the flow, but thank goodness you're not in the join or anything. You're out and
You're doing good.
John Reinhart: Let's see.
John Reinhart: Are you are you in a relationship.
Shaynes phone: I am
John Reinhart: You're in a good one. Aren't you
Shaynes phone: I am, yeah.
Shaynes phone: How far along it.
John Reinhart: How far along. She read
Shaynes phone: She do we're expecting our daughter on July night.
Shaynes phone: Sweet. My first kid.
John Reinhart: Well, man. Congratulations thing and your girlfriend girlfriend or wife.
John Reinhart: Girlfriend girlfriend.
Shaynes phone: I I've been thinking about. I should probably propose to her soon, but it's just girlfriend for now.
John Reinhart: For now, but do you got, that's a while and she's doing well. As far as the docs report and everything.
Shaynes phone: Yep. He doing good.
John Reinhart: Man Should that changes everything game changer. You know, gets from being a kid into being an adult. A lot of times it's not your life anymore. It's, you know, you're, you're supporting
John Reinhart: You know, raising a child de de okay you don't have any other children. Do you have any other children.
Shaynes phone: I mean my girlfriend has a daughter, which is
Shaynes phone: She is about to be four but she's not my my blood daughter.
Shaynes phone: I underground
John Reinhart: Right on.
John Reinhart: Right on, man.
John Reinhart: So you take an ownership and you love you. Love ON HER LIKE SHE'S YOUR OWN own blood.
Shaynes phone: Worth of course that's
John Reinhart: That's awesome. Yeah, that's really good. Okay.
John Reinhart: Where do you live, who do you live with.
Shaynes phone: My girlfriend and I and her daughter.
John Reinhart: Okay, cool. And
John Reinhart: I think that's pretty much it. Did I miss anything.
Shaynes phone: How would I know
John Reinhart: I don't know. Is there anything you'd like to comment on while we're getting this recorded I
Shaynes phone: Not that I know.
John Reinhart: Okay, pretty cool. Yeah, I think this is what we need for the treatment plan.
John Reinhart: And they'll get a cool kind of mapped out and they'll go in and they'll, they'll do a plan for you. And then we'll get a therapist to come alongside you and help you when you have some issues and you need to talk one on one.
John Reinhart: And just go from there. Okay.
Shaynes phone: Perfect. Thank you.
John Reinhart: What on hey I'll
Shaynes phone: See you next Tuesday.
John Reinhart: Sounds good, bro. You have a great afternoon, man. Thanks for dropping in take care of
Shaynes phone: It, but thank you bye bye
John Reinhart: Okay. That concludes the
John Reinhart: Bio psychosocial with Stephen Mitch Butler at
John Reinhart: 449 thank you for your transcription